Smart Home Project based on AVR-ATMEGA32.

Project Description :
- House control using voice commands through a mobile application and Bluetooth module( HC-05 ) connected with the micro-controller.

Project Features :
0- Login system using Keypad to enter user ID and Password, having 3 attempts for each.

1- Lights Control [ ON - OFF - Control ].
voice commands( Lights On - Lights Off - Control Lights ).

2- Door Control [ Opened - Closed ].
voice commands( Open The Door - Close The Door ).

3- Fan Control [ ON - OFF - Control ].
voice commands ( Turn On Fan - Turn Off Fan - Control Fan ).

4- Emergency Button.


Notes :
1- Selected Feature will be displayed on the LCD.
2- Lights are represented as LED array.
3- LED array is controlled by mapping the LDR Sensor output voltage level.
4- Door is represented as a Servo Motor with two positions.
5- Fan is represented as DC Motor.
6- Fan is controlled by mapping the output voltage from the potentiometer.


Project Specifications :
1- Using ADC Peripheral to measure the output voltage from the LDR sensor, and turning LED array based on the value.

2- Using Timer1 to generate Fast PWM to communicate with the Servo Motor, moving it by modifying compare match value (On Time).

3- Using ADC & Timer0 to control the speed of the fan (DC Motor), based on the output voltage from the potentiometer captured by the ADC it's mapped to a PWM signal with modified Duty Cycle generated by the TIMER0.

4- Using USART Peripheral to communicate with the Bluetooth module.

5- Using External Interrupt peripheral to set Emergency button.

Tools Used:
1- Eclipse.
2- Arduino BlueControl mobile application.


**Project preview link:
https://www.linkedin.com/posts/youssefhamdy8_cprogramming-iot-iotproject-activity-7095721537382551553-md56?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop
